today, with some
Buddhist devotees and a group of fellow practitioners, we're departing from Ba
Vang Pagoda on our 2023 pilgrimage to the Buddha, organized
by the Golden Chrysanthemum Club and the Six Harmonies Poetry Group.
We have five groups,
each trip lasting 10 days, so
our club will have a total of 50 days
in the sacred land. We ask the community at home to
offer prayers and support for the group. May the merits of our practice be
dedicated to the group's
safety and blessings.
May the
group visit sacred places and
pray for Buddha's blessings, dedicating the merits
to our community so that we may all have
abundant blessings and connections,
connecting through many lifetimes of
practice until the day we attain
Buddhahood. Thank you very much to the community,
and now the group is about to begin our journey.
The teacher wishes the community
much merit and success in their work, and may they always
send their most precious feelings and merits
to support the group's safe journey.
Goodbye to the community! Goodbye to the community!
Goodbye to the community! Let's
set
off!  Healthy
[music]
We greet you, teacher, at this measuring device for the
last time, everyone 1 2 3 4
[Applause]
[music]